# A-2-way-multilingual-voice-assistant
ABSTRACT
The field of voice assistance has seen rapid development in recent years, with new applications being released and updated regularly. This paper will explore the current state of multilingual voice assistants and their potential benefits for users around the world. The paper will also consider some of the limitations that exist in the current landscape of voice assistants and discuss some potential ways that these challenges can be overcome in the future. As the use of voice assistants continues to grow, the demand for language support is growing as well. Researchers are working to develop solutions to these problems that will make voice assistants more useful for a wider range of users. here to be more insightful or more precise, we are making a new proposal of having a multilingual assistant who can understand what the users want through natural language and provides useful and accurate responses which are acceptable to all. However, till now there is no such system available that accepts input in any language and output is also in the same dialect as input or a different dialect as per user's requirement. In this report, we have considered the problem of understanding user queries and providing appropriate responses to them. We also aim to solve the issues regarding the language mismatch between the user and the assistant in a language translation scenario. A multilingual voice assistant is needed as any user whether he is literate or a layman can access information and can do any task by speaking in the natural language which the system can understand and produce results accordingly. If the same system is implemented in all the languages then it will be convenient to the many users across the world and also will allow new audiences to engage with the technology without knowing the native languages. Further, a multilingual system can map queries to the proper sentences in different languages providing accurate answers for the query. It also provides a system that can replace the manual translation process which has been a manual and time-consuming one in the past. This would also provide an advantage to all the people who are new to a given language and would like to engage with the system in their own language as they will not have to spend years to learn it. There are many other applications of a multilingual voice assistant that can be explored and we believe that this system will be useful in many more areas in the future if implemented properly.
